README.md, before:

## Hello 👋 I'm Bishoy Ehab and this is my portfolio

### About me 💫

🔭 I'm currently working on a Game about Chaos <br>👯 I'm looking to collaborate on any open source project I can collaborate on<br>🌱 I'm currently learning AI/ML and Game dev<br>💬 Ask me about: How are you? but don't ask me how your code run.<br>⚡ Fun fact: Python is the best

## 🌐 Socials:

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-%237289DA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.gg/bishoy_ehab) [![Facebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/Facebook-%231877F2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Facebook&logoColor=white)](https://facebook.com/https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=61568153291574) [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/bishoyehab) [![LeetCode](https://img.shields.io/badge/LeetCode-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=LeetCode&logoColor=%23d16c06)](https://leetcode.com/u/BishoyEhab/)

# 💻 Tech Stack:

![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![Bash Script](https://img.shields.io/badge/bash_script-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white) ![.Net](https://img.shields.io/badge/.NET-5C2D91?style=for-the-badge&logo=.net&logoColor=white) ![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/django-%23092E20.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=white) ![Qt](https://img.shields.io/badge/Qt-%23217346.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Qt&logoColor=white) ![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/numpy-%23013243.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white) ![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/pandas-%23150458.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white) ![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-%23F7931E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black)

# 📊 GitHub Stats:

## My Contribution Graph

<picture>
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/BeshoyEhab/BeshoyEhab/output/github-snake-dark.svg">
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/BeshoyEhab/BeshoyEhab/output/github-snake.svg">
    <img alt="GitHub Snake Contribution Graph" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/BeshoyEhab/BeshoyEhab/output/github-snake.svg">
</picture>

<div align=center>
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=BeshoyEhab&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=false" height="200"/> 
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=BeshoyEhab&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=false&layout=compact" height="200"/>
<br/>
  <img src="https://streak-stats.demolab.com/?user=BeshoyEhab&theme=dark&hide_border=false"/><br/>
  <img src="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=BeshoyEhab&radius=16&theme=react&area=true&hide_border=false" width="100%" alt="Contribution Graph"/>
</div>

## 🏆 GitHub Trophies

![](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=BeshoyEhab&theme=dracula&no-frame=false&no-bg=true&margin-w=4)

### ✍️ Random Dev Quote

![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=radical)

## 📌 Featured Projects

| Project                                                            | Description                             |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------- |
| [dot-man](https://github.com/BeshoyEhab/dot-man)                   | 🔧 A dotfiles manager CLI tool with TUI |
| [pro-mgr](https://github.com/BeshoyEhab/pro-mgr)                   | 📁 Project manager for quick navigation |
| [AIRoadmapPlanner](https://github.com/BeshoyEhab/AIRoadmapPlanner) | 🤖 AI-powered roadmap planning tool     |
| [Chess-Game](https://github.com/BeshoyEhab/Chess-Game)             | ♟️ Chess game made by team 57           |
| [Linux-Game](https://github.com/BeshoyEhab/Linux-Game)             | 🎮 A Linux-themed game                  |

Commit message:

docs: Update README with cleaner About section and fix broken images

README.md, after:

## Hello 👋 I'm Bishoy Ehab and this is my portfolio

### About me

- 🎮 Building a chaos-themed game with Godot
- 🤖 Learning AI/ML and game development
- 🔧 Creating CLI tools like [dot-man](https://github.com/BeshoyEhab/dot-man) and [pro-mgr](https://github.com/BeshoyEhab/pro-mgr)
- 🐧 Linux enthusiast
- 🤝 Open to collaborating on interesting projects

## 🌐 Socials:

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-%237289DA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.gg/bishoy_ehab) [![Facebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/Facebook-%231877F2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Facebook&logoColor=white)](https://facebook.com/https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=61568153291574) [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/bishoyehab) [![LeetCode](https://img.shields.io/badge/LeetCode-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=LeetCode&logoColor=%23d16c06)](https://leetcode.com/u/BishoyEhab/)

# 💻 Tech Stack:

![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![Bash Script](https://img.shields.io/badge/bash_script-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white) ![.Net](https://img.shields.io/badge/.NET-5C2D91?style=for-the-badge&logo=.net&logoColor=white) ![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/django-%23092E20.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=white) ![Qt](https://img.shields.io/badge/Qt-%23217346.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Qt&logoColor=white) ![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/numpy-%23013243.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white) ![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/pandas-%23150458.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white) ![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-%23F7931E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black)

# 📊 GitHub Stats:

## My Contribution Graph

<picture>
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/BeshoyEhab/BeshoyEhab/output/github-snake-dark.svg">
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/BeshoyEhab/BeshoyEhab/output/github-snake.svg">
    <img alt="GitHub Snake Contribution Graph" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/BeshoyEhab/BeshoyEhab/output/github-snake.svg">
</picture>

<div align=center>
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=BeshoyEhab&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=false" height="200"/> 
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=BeshoyEhab&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=false&layout=compact" height="200"/>
<br/>
  <img src="https://streak-stats.demolab.com/?user=BeshoyEhab&theme=dark&hide_border=false"/><br/>
  <img src="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=BeshoyEhab&radius=16&theme=react&area=true&hide_border=false" width="100%" alt="Contribution Graph"/>
</div>

## 🏆 GitHub Trophies

![](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=BeshoyEhab&theme=dracula&no-frame=false&no-bg=true&margin-w=4)

### ✍️ Random Dev Quote

![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=radical)

## 📌 Featured Projects

| Project                                                            | Description                             |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------- |
| [dot-man](https://github.com/BeshoyEhab/dot-man)                   | 🔧 A dotfiles manager CLI tool with TUI |
| [pro-mgr](https://github.com/BeshoyEhab/pro-mgr)                   | 📁 Project manager for quick navigation |
| [AIRoadmapPlanner](https://github.com/BeshoyEhab/AIRoadmapPlanner) | 🤖 AI-powered roadmap planning tool     |
| [Chess-Game](https://github.com/BeshoyEhab/Chess-Game)             | ♟️ Chess game made by team 57           |
| [Linux-Game](https://github.com/BeshoyEhab/Linux-Game)             | 🎮 A Linux-themed game                  |
